Post: Organising a Crystal conference in 2020 (#121)
crystal-lang/crystal-website: _posts/2020-11-18-organising-raw-crystal.md

Finally, with the idea of ensuring a broad coverage of topics - from the language tool ecosystem to web application development - I decided to pick three featured speakers. You can find their names on the [event page](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/raw-crystal-2020-tickets-127439094763), if you are curious.

## Compromising on time
Picking a time for the conference was quite challenging: on one hand, I wanted to make the event accessible to as many people across the world as possible. On the other hand, it is impossible to make everyone happy on a global scale.

I decided to make a choice based on the following constraints:
* the selected schedule should be friendly to people based in Argentina - that's where many members of the core team are based
* the selected schedule should not affect my circadian rhythm too badly - I'm based in London, UK
* the total span of the event should be manageable for a single person to run - so no marathons

I also reviewed geo data related to users of my personal blog and to users of my YouTube channel. This reminded me that Crystal has a significant number of friends in North America.

> Based on all the above, I decided to go for a 6-hour-long conference starting at 8 am PST.

Reviewer: I'd strongly suggest to communicate times (exclusively) in UTC. Everyone should easily now their respective UTC offset, but not the offset of some random other time zone (PST).
```suggestion
Based on all the above, I decided to go for a 6-hour-long conference starting at 16:00 UTC.
```

Reviewer: (Optionally, a supplementary list of the observed time in other selected locations (like those mentioned elsewhere in the article) could be convenient)
